<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g83038s1exv10w14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.14 EIGHTH AMENDED LOAN AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.14

                        QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE AGREEMENT
                              NUMBER DIRECT-03-001
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



Article 1         Recitals
Article 2         Definitions
Article 3         Business Reinsured
Article 4         Obligatory Agreement
Article 5         Term and Cancellation
Article 6         Consideration
Article 7         Loss and Loss Adjustment Expense
Article 8         Reports and Remittances
Article 9         Ceding Commission, Fronting Fees and Premium Taxes
Article 10        Errors and Omissions
Article 11        Inspection of Records
Article 12        Offset Clause
Article 13        Arbitration
Article 14        Honorable Undertaking
Article 15        Assessments and Assignments
Article 16        Conservation, Liquidation or Insolvency
Article 17        Hold Harmless
Article 18        Regulatory Matters
Article 19        Loss in Excess of Policy Limits/Extra Contractual Obligations
Article 20        Savings Clause
Article 21        Unauthorized (Non-Admitted) Reinsurance
Article 22        Program Review
Article 23        Miscellaneous




                                       1
<PAGE>


                    QUOTA SHARE REINSURANCE AGREEMENT NUMBER
                                  DIRECT-03-001


This Agreement is made and entered into by and between OLD AMERICAN COUNTY
MUTUAL FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") and
DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY (hereinafter referred to as the "Reinsurer").

               THE COMPANY AND REINSURER HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

ARTICLE 1 - RECITALS

1.1 The Company and Reinsurer hereby wish to enter into a reinsurance
arrangement through which the Company is to bear no business, credit or
insurance risk whatsoever (save the risk of the Reinsurer's insolvency). The
Reinsurer shall hold the Company fully harmless and indemnify it for these and
all risks arising pursuant to this Agreement.

1.2 The Company and Reinsurer hereby agree that the full consideration provided
by the Company in exchange for the fees set forth herein, is to permit the
Policies as defined herein to be issued in the name of the Company and which are
reinsured one hundred percent (100%) under this Agreement.

1.3 It is understood and agreed that neither the Company nor the Reinsurer is
obligated by any representations or warranties made by any of the parties
involved in this transaction unless such representations and warranties are
formally included in this Agreement.

1.4 All business reinsured hereunder shall be produced by DIRECT GENERAL
INSURANCE AGENCY, INC. (Managing General Agent), in accordance with the terms
and conditions of the Managing General Agency Agreement effective January 1,
2003, (Managing General Agency Agreement) between the Managing General Agent and
the Company, a copy of said Agreement is attached hereto and fully incorporated
herein.

1.5 This Agreement sets forth all of the duties and obligations between the
Company and the Reinsurer and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous or
written agreements with respect to matters referred to in this Agreement. This
Agreement may not be modified, amended or changed except by an agreement in
writing signed by both parties.

ARTICLE 2 - DEFINITIONS

2.1 "Policies" is defined as all policies, endorsements, certificates,
contracts, agreements and binders of insurance issued or renewed on or after the
effective date of this Agreement on behalf of the Company by Managing General
Agent.

2.2 "Net Premium" is defined as the gross premium (total written premium) on all
original and renewal Policies written by the Company, less return premium and
cancellations.

2.3 "Loss in Excess of Policy Limits" (XPL) is defined as any amount which the
Company pays or would have been contractually held liable to pay had it not been
for the limit of the original Policy.



                                       2
<PAGE>

2.4 "Extra Contractual Obligation" (ECO) is defined as those liabilities not
covered under any other provision of this Agreement which arise from the
handling of any claim on business covered hereunder, because of, but not limited
to, failure by the Company to settle within the policy limit, or by reason of
alleged or actual negligence, fraud or bad faith in rejecting an offer of
settlement or in the preparation of the defense or in the trial of any action
against its insured or reinsured or in the preparation or prosecution of an
appeal consequent upon such action. The date on which any ECO is incurred by the
Company shall be deemed, in all circumstances, to be the date of the original
disaster and/or casualty.

2.5 "Loss Adjustment Expense" shall mean expenditures by or on behalf of the
Company that are not part of the indemnity under the original policy (i.e. which
do not contribute to exhaustion of the original policy limit), made in
connection with the disposition of a claim, loss or legal proceeding (including
investigation, negotiation, cost of bonds, court costs, statutory penalties,
prejudgment interest or delayed damages, and interest on any judgment or award
and legal expenses of litigation) and the Company's defense costs and legal
expenses incurred in direct connection with legal actions (including, but not
limited to, Declaratory Judgment actions) brought to determine the Company's
defense and/or indemnification obligations that are allocable only to Policies
and claims under Policies subject to this Contract. Any Declaratory Judgment
action expenses shall be deemed to have been fully incurred on the same date as
the original loss (if any) giving rise to the action.

2.6 "Prejudgment Interest" or "Delayed Damages" shall mean interest or damages
added to a settlement, verdict, award or judgment based on the amount of time
prior to the settlement, verdict, award or judgment whether or not made part of
the settlement, verdict, award or judgment.

ARTICLE 3 - BUSINESS REINSURED

3.1 The Reinsurer hereby reinsures the Company for a one hundred percent (100%)
quota share in respect of all liability, including, but not limited to, losses
and loss adjustment expenses, under Policies issued or renewed on or after the
effective date hereon on behalf of the Company by the Managing General Agent or
its designated representative as classified by the Company in the attached
Schedule of Business.

3.2 It is understood that the classes of business reinsured under this Agreement
are deemed to include coverages required for non-resident drivers under the
motor vehicle financial responsibility law or the motor vehicle compulsory
insurance law or any similar law of any state or province, following the
provisions of the Company's policies when they include or are deemed to include
so-called "Out of State Insurance" provisions.

3.3 All insurance under this Agreement shall be subject to the same rates,
terms, conditions and waivers, and to the same modifications and alterations as
the respective Policies of the Company.

ARTICLE 4 - OBLIGATORY AGREEMENT

4.1 The Company agrees to cede to the Reinsurer, and the Reinsurer agrees to
accept from the Company, a one hundred percent (100%) quota share reinsurance
participation under all




                                       3
<PAGE>

Policies effective on or after the effective date hereof by the Company covering
risks situated in Texas. The liability of the Reinsurer shall commence
obligatorily and simultaneously with that of the Company subject to the terms,
conditions and limitations set forth in this Agreement.

4.2 Business ceded hereunder shall include every original policy, rewrite,
renewal or extension (whether before or after the termination of this Agreement)
required by statute or by rule or regulation of the Texas Department of
Insurance, or other authority having competent jurisdiction, of any policy of
insurance originally ceded hereunder by the Company to the Reinsurer.

4.3 The parties understand and intend that the Reinsurer shall follow the
fortunes of the Company in every respect to activities engaged in hereunder.

ARTICLE 5 - TERM AND CANCELLATION

5.1 This Agreement shall become effective 12:00:01 a.m. (Central Standard Time)
on the first day of January 2003, as respects losses arising under Policies
effective on or after such date, and shall remain continuously in force unless
terminated by either party.

5.2 This Agreement may be terminated by either party at any calendar quarter end
giving the other party written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to such
date.

5.3 When the Agreement terminates for any reason, reinsurance hereunder shall
continue to apply to the business in force at the time and date of termination
until expiration or cancellation of such business. The parties understand and
agree that any Policies with effective dates prior to the termination date, but
issued after the termination date, are covered under this Agreement.
Additionally, the reinsurance hereunder shall continue to apply as to Policies
which must be issued or renewed, as a matter of state law or regulation or
because an agent (appointed by the Company at the request of the Reinsurer) has
not been timely canceled, until the expiration dates on said Policies.

5.4 Upon termination of this Agreement, the Reinsurer and the Company shall not
be relieved or released from any obligation which relate to outstanding
insurance business created by or under this Agreement. The parties hereto
expressly covenant and agree that they will cooperate with each other in the
handling of all such run-off insurance business until all Policies have expired
and all outstanding losses and loss adjustment expenses have been settled. While
by law and regulations, the Company recognizes its primary obligations to its
Policyholders, the Reinsurer recognizes that there shall be no cost or
involvement by the Company, unless specifically agreed, in servicing this
run-off. The Reinsurer shall bear all costs and expenses associated with
handling of such run-off business following the cancellation or termination of
this Agreement. If for any reason the Managing General Agent or any sub-agent
appointed by the Managing General Agent fails to service any such run-off
business (or any business while the Agreement is still in effect), including the
payment of claims, then consistent with this Agreement, the Reinsurer's
obligation with respect to such run-off business shall continue and the
Reinsurer shall either service such run-off business directly or appoint, at the
Reinsurer's expense, a successor to such managing general agent and/or agent,
subject to the approval of the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Such successor shall perform all of the duties and obligations of the
managing general agent and/or agent with respect to servicing such run-off
business.



                                       4
<PAGE>

5.5 In addition to the provisions set forth in Article 5.2 herein, this
Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with the following terms
and conditions:

         a.       After thirty (30) days written notice by the Company in the
                  event the Reinsurer:

                  (i)      is acquired and/or merged by or in any manner becomes
                           under the control of any other company or
                           corporation;

                  (ii)     changes a majority of its officers or board of
                           directors; or

                  (iii)    is the subject of a filing or petition or initiation
                           of any proceeding for supervision, rehabilitation,
                           conservation or liquidation, or any other proceedings
                           for the protection of a creditor.

         b.       After thirty (30) days written notice by the Reinsurer in the
                  event Company:

                  (i)      is acquired and/or merged by or in any manner becomes
                           under the control of any other company or
                           corporation;

                  (ii)     changes a majority of its officers or board of
                           directors; or

                  (iii)    is the subject of a filing or petition or initiation
                           of any proceeding for supervision, rehabilitation,
                           conservation or liquidation, or any other proceedings
                           for the protection of a creditor.

         c.       By the Company immediately and automatically without prior
                  written notice should the Texas Department of Insurance
                  require cancellation or disallow credit for this reinsurance;
                  provided, however, that the Reinsurer shall have first been
                  given the opportunity to implement mutually acceptable changes
                  that would result in the Department's allowing credit for such
                  reinsurance.

         d.       In the event of a breach of conditions, fraud or default by
                  either party under the terms and conditions of the Agreement
                  that remains uncured after fifteen (15) days from receipt of a
                  written notice of default.

5.6 Notices hereunder shall be provided in accordance with Article 23.2, hereof.

ARTICLE 6 - CONSIDERATION

6.1 In consideration of the acceptance by the Reinsurer of one hundred percent
(100%) of the Company's liability on insurance business reinsured hereunder, the
Reinsurer is entitled to one hundred percent (100%) of the Net Premiums written
by the Managing General Agent and/or agent or the Reinsurer on Policies
reinsured less the claims handling fee and ceding commission allowed to the
Company, which includes premium taxes and fronting fees on Policies subject to
reinsurance hereunder.

ARTICLE 7 - LOSS AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSE

7.1 All loss settlements, judgments and all interest on said judgments,
including losses in excess of policy limits (XPL) and extra contractual
obligations (ECO) made by the Company or the Company's designee under the terms
of this Agreement, whether under strict policy conditions or by way of
compromise, shall be unconditionally binding upon the Reinsurer. The Reinsurer
shall also be liable for one hundred percent (100%) of and pay on behalf of the
Company all loss adjustment expenses as defined in Article 2.5. The Reinsurer
shall be credited with all salvage or recoveries by the Company on business
reinsured hereunder.



                                       5
<PAGE>

7.2 Claims handling shall be accomplished by the Managing General Agent or its
designated representative ("Claims Agent") pursuant to the Managing General
Agency Agreement and whose designation is subject to the Company's continuing
approval and shall not be inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

7.3 The Reinsurer's share of losses, loss adjustment expenses and loss
recoveries shall be carried into the monthly account for which provision is
hereinafter made; however, when the amount of loss paid by the Company under
insurance subject to this Agreement exceeds the balance due the Reinsurer
pursuant to Article 8, the Reinsurer will, at the option and the demand of the
Company, be immediately reimbursed by special remittance. The Reinsurer shall
retain the right to deduct from any such special remittance any overdue balance
due the Reinsurer by the Company.

ARTICLE 8 - REPORTS AND REMITTANCES

8.1 Within forty-five (45) days after the end of each calendar month, the
Company shall report to the Reinsurer the following:

         a.       Ceded net written and collected premium for the month;

         b.       Ceding commission on such ceded net written and collected
                  premium as provided in Article 9.1;

         c.       Ceded losses and loss adjustment expenses paid during the
                  month;

         d.       Ceded unearned premium at the end of the month; and

         e.       Ceded outstanding losses and loss adjustment expenses at the
                  end of the month.

8.2 Upon receipt from the Managing General Agent, the Company shall immediately
pay any and all sums due directly to the Reinsurer pursuant to this Agreement.

8.3 The Reinsurer shall remit balances due directly to the Company via wire
transfer within 48 hours, or as soon as commercially feasible:

         a.       If the net monthly account results in an amount due to the
                  Company, or

         b.       If, during the month, there are no funds to pay losses, and
                  the Company submits additional reports reflecting an amount
                  due to the Company.


ARTICLE 9 - CEDING COMMISSION, CLAIM HANDLING FEE, FRONTING FEES AND
            PREMIUM TAXES

9.1 The Reinsurer will pay to the Company a ceding commission of twenty-two
percent (22%) and a claim handling fee of six percent (6%), which shall be
calculated on the basis of all net written premium and policy fees charged on
policies reinsured hereunder.

9.2 The Company will be liable for remitting state premium taxes based on net
written premium and net policy fees charged. Should service fees be charged on
any policy covered by this Agreement, and such fees be deemed taxable for
premium tax purposes, then such service fees are to be added to the net written
premium and net policy fees charged to determine the amount subject to Fronting
Fees payable under the Managing General Agent Agreement. Since premium taxes are
required to be paid semiannually on March 1st and August 1st, the Company




                                       6
<PAGE>

may bill the Reinsurers for their proportionate share of the prepayment and
shall allow credit for premium taxes on the monthly accounts.

9.3 The Reinsurer acknowledges that the Company is not responsible for any
contingent commission adjustment, and such adjustment shall be settled directly
between the Managing General Agent and the Reinsurer. The Reinsurer shall seek
recovery for any contingent commission adjustment directly from the Managing
General Agent.

ARTICLE 10 - ERRORS AND OMISSIONS

10.1 Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this
Agreement or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any
liability which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not
occurred, provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as
possible after discovery.

ARTICLE 11 - INSPECTION OF RECORDS

11.1 All records pertaining to Policies issued on behalf of the Company through
or by the Reinsurer or its designated representative subject to this Agreement,
shall be deemed to be jointly owned records of the Company and the Reinsurer,
and shall be made immediately available to the Company or the Reinsurer or their
representative, upon reasonable request, or any duly appointed examiner for any
State within the United States; and these records shall be kept in the State of
Texas or such other jurisdiction as may be required or permitted by applicable
state law or regulation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Reinsurer is
authorized to maintain duplicate working files of all such records outside the
State of Texas. The Company and the Reinsurer agree that neither will destroy
any such records in their possession without the prior written approval of the
other, except that neither party shall be required to retain files longer than
required by the guidelines set by the Texas Department of Insurance.

11.2 Any or all policies and/or claim files or other records required to be
maintained by Reinsurer pursuant to this Article 11 may be maintained in
electronic data storage form accessible by computer and if so stored in this
fashion, no physical copy of such items need be maintained, unless otherwise
required by law.

ARTICLE 12 - OFFSET CLAUSE

12.1 The Company or the Reinsurer shall have the right to offset any balance or
amounts due from one party to the other under the terms of this Agreement. The
party asserting the right of offset may exercise such right at any time whether
the balances due are on account of premiums or losses or otherwise. However, in
the event of the insolvency of any party hereto, offsets on any amount due under
this agreement shall be allowed in accordance with the statutes and/or
regulations of the state having jurisdiction over the insolvency.

ARTICLE 13 - ARBITRATION

13.1 Unless both parties mutually agree to waive arbitration with respect to a
particular dispute, the parties to this Contract hereby agree that binding
arbitration shall be the sole remedy for any and all dispute(s) arising between
them with reference to any transactions, terms or conditions




                                       7
<PAGE>

under this Contract including its formation and validity. Arbitration
proceedings brought hereunder shall be referred for final determination to the
majority decision of a Panel of three disinterested arbitrators. Notice of
demand for arbitration shall be made in writing and shall be served via
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, on the Respondent to the
Arbitration at the Respondent's current address. The notice requesting
arbitration shall identify the contract(s) involved in the dispute, the issues
to be resolved in the view of the Petitioner, and the arbitrator selected by the
Petitioner. The term "days" as used herein shall mean calendar days.

13.2 The Respondent shall appoint an arbitrator within 30 days of receiving a
request by the Petitioner in writing and served via certified or registered
mail, return receipt requested, to do so. At the same time as the appointment,
the Respondent shall identify in writing any issues which in its view must be
resolved in the arbitration proceeding and which were not identified by the
Petitioner. If the Respondent fails to appoint its arbitrator within 30 days of
being requested to do so, in writing, by the Petitioner, the Petitioner shall
have the right to appoint the second arbitrator. Within 30 days after their
appointment, the two arbitrators so chosen shall select a third arbitrator to
act as umpire. If the two arbitrators do not agree as to the selection of a
third arbitrator within 60 days after their appointment, the third arbitrator
shall be selected from a list of six individuals (three named by each
arbitrator) by a judge of the federal district court in Dallas County, Texas.

13.3 Each arbitrator shall be a disinterested, active or retired official or
officer of an insurance or reinsurance company, not under the control or
management of either party to this Contract, and shall have experience in the
class and type of business subject to this dispute.

13.4 Within 30 days after notice of appointment of all arbitrators, the
Petitioner and the Respondent shall each submit a statement of position to the
Panel.

13.5 Within 60 days after notice of appointment of all arbitrators, each party
shall provide the other with its relevant books, records, and/or other papers
not protected from disclosure by either the work-product or attorney client
privilege. Other than the exchange of relevant documents, both parties shall
refrain from engaging in any type of discovery including, but not limited to,
depositions and interrogatories.

13.6 Within 30 days following the exchange of documents, the Petitioner and the
Respondent shall submit re-hearing briefs to the Panel.

13.7 Unless some other location is mutually agreeable to the parties,
arbitration proceedings shall take place within the municipality wherein the
Home Office of the Company is located. Arbitration shall commence as soon as
practicable but in no event longer than 120 days after selection of the third
arbitrator with notice thereof to the parties. The specific time and site of
arbitration shall be promptly agreed to by the parties, or if no Contract is
reached, then determined by the Panel.

13.8 The Panel shall be relieved from applying the strict rules of evidence
and/or procedure and shall make its decision based on the custom and practice of
the insurance and reinsurance business with a view toward effecting this
Contract in a reasonable manner. Should either party fail to appear at an
arbitration and/or fail to furnish the Panel with any subpoenaed papers or
information, the Panel is empowered to proceed ex parte. The Panel shall make
its award within 60 days following the close of the hearing. The majority
decision of the Panel shall be final and binding upon the parties and shall be
reduced to a written award, which may include factual findings, and shall be
signed by any two of the three arbitrators, dated and delivered overnight to the
parties. The Panel may award pre-judgment and post-judgment interest, but in no
case shall




                                       8
<PAGE>

the authority of the Panel extend to awarding punitive or exemplary damages.
Judgment may be entered upon the award by any court having jurisdiction.

13.9 Each party shall bear the expense of its own arbitrator, and shall equally
share with the other the expense of the third arbitrator. In the event that the
two arbitrators are chosen by one party, as above provided, the expense of the
two arbitrators, the third arbitrator and the arbitration shall be equally
divided between the Petitioner and the Respondent. Unless mutually agreed other
wise, a court reporter transcript shall be taken of the hearing with costs to be
divided equally between the parties. The remaining costs of arbitration shall be
allocated by the Panel.

13.10 The Arbitration proceeding brought hereunder, any or all provisions
contained herein, and arbitration awards entered pursuant to this Article are
specifically governed by, subject to and enforceable under the Federal
Arbitration Act (Title 9, United States Code, Sections 1-14, as amended.)

13.11 Each party agrees that time is of the essence with respect to all terms
and conditions referenced in this Article. All deadlines contained in this
Article may be extended by mutual Contract of the parties, and if the Panel has
been selected, the Panel's Contract must also be obtained.

13.12 Each party agrees that any arbitration award entered pursuant to and
governed by this Article shall not have any precedential or collateral estoppel
effect on future arbitrations, proceedings, or controversies, if any, between
the parties. Any claim of res judicata or claim preclusion shall itself be
subject to arbitration.

13.13 This Article shall survive the termination of this Contract.


ARTICLE 14 - HONORABLE UNDERTAKING

14.1 The purposes of this Contract are not to be defeated by narrow or technical
legal interpretations of its provisions. This Contract shall be construed as an
honorable undertaking and should be interpreted for the purpose of giving effect
to the intentions of the parties hereto.

ARTICLE 15 - ASSESSMENTS AND ASSIGNMENTS

15.1 The Reinsurer hereby assumes liability for any and all costs, assessments
or assignments imposed as a result of Policies reinsured hereunder (whether
before or after the termination of this Agreement) levied or made by a guaranty
fund, insolvency fund, plan, pool, association, or other arrangement created by
statute or regulation including, but not limited to, assessments levied by the
Texas Property & Casualty Insurance Guaranty Association. The Company shall
account to the Reinsurer for any recovery or any credit allowed to the Company
against its premium taxes, and return to the Reinsurer its share of any recovery
or credit.

ARTICLE 16 -  CONSERVATION, LIQUIDATION OR INSOLVENCY

16.1 In the event of the insolvency of the Company, the Reinsurance afforded by
this Agreement shall be payable directly by the Reinsurer to the Company or its
liquidator, receiver or statutory successor on the basis of the liability of the
Company under the Policies, without diminution because of the insolvency of the
Company, in accordance with the provisions of any State Law which may be
involved except:



                                       9
<PAGE>

         a.       where the Agreement specifically provides another payee of
                  such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the
                  Company; or

         b.       where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured(s)
                  has assumed such Policy obligations of the Company as direct
                  obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies
                  and in substitution for the obligations of the Company to the
                  payees.

16.2 In the event of the insolvency of the Company, the liquidator, receiver or
statutory successor of the Company shall give written notice to the Reinsurer of
the pendency of a claim against the insolvent Company on a Policy within a
reasonable time after such claim is filed in the insolvency proceedings. During
the pendency of such claim, the Reinsurer may investigate such claim and
interpose at its own expense, in the proceeding where such claim is to be
adjudicated, any defense or defenses which it may deem available to the Company
or its liquidator, receiver or statutory successor. The expense thus incurred by
the Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to court approval, against the
insolvent Company as part of the expense of liquidation to the extent of the
proportionate share of the benefits which may accrue to the Company solely as a
result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer.

16.3 If two (2) or more reinsurers are involved in the same claim and a majority
in interest elect to interpose defense to such claim, the expense shall be
apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as though such
expense had been incurred by the Company.

16.4 As respects subject business assumed as reinsurance under this Agreement,
the parties agree that if the Company has a conservator, liquidator, or receiver
appointed for it, or becomes the subject of any conservation, liquidation or
insolvency proceeding, and the Company is permitted to have all its liabilities
under the Policies reinsured hereunder assumed by another licensed insurer, such
assuming insurer shall be substituted for the Company as payee of any
reinsurance recoverable hereunder in respect of losses under Policies subject
hereto, and the Reinsurer shall make payments thereof directly to the
substituted insurer.

16.5 In the event the foregoing provisions apply, all the other provisions of
this Agreement shall apply to the substituted insurer in the same manner as if
said insurer were substituted for the Company as the reinsured party hereunder,
and to the extent this Agreement reinsures such substituted insurer, coverage
hereunder shall be excluded as respects the Company.

ARTICLE 17 - HOLD HARMLESS

17.1 In consideration of these presents and the reciprocal benefits derived by
the Company and the Reinsurer, the Reinsurer assumes liability for any and all
uncollected balances, unsettled finance agreements, claims, commission
adjustments, losses, loss corridors, demands, causes of action (including, but
not limited to, violations of the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act or
insurance laws or regulations), damages (including, but not limited to, any and
all extra contractual or liability in excess of policy limits), judgments and
expenses (including, but not limited to, attorney's fees and costs of court)
which may be made against the Company and which are incurred, either directly or
indirectly, in connection with this Agreement or contracts related to this
Agreement or any actions or failure to take action by the Managing General Agent
or any agent or by the Company in successfully asserting its rights hereunder in
connection with or with respect to this Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this provision shall not apply to:



                                       10
<PAGE>

         a.       fraud, dishonesty, theft or collusion on the part of any
                  Director, Officer or employee of the Company; or

         b.       policies not reinsured hereunder; or

         c.       the Company's failure to perform its duties and obligations
                  under this Agreement due to the Company's gross negligence.

17.2 If, for any reason, the Managing General Agent or agent fails, or is
unable, to administer the Policies reinsured hereunder (whether the Agreement is
still in effect or the business is being run-off), the Reinsurer shall appoint,
a third party, subject to the Company's approval, to administer the business in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the agreement
with the Managing General Agent. The Reinsurer shall be responsible for the cost
of such administration. The Company agrees to cooperate with the Reinsurer and
the third party administrator in the run-off of the business. If return premiums
or other funds need to be returned or paid to premium finance companies,
policyholders, sub-agents or any other party, the Reinsurer shall pay these
amounts if the Managing General Agent or agent does not.

17.3 In furtherance of the protections afforded to the Company under this
Agreement, the Reinsurer expressly acknowledges that certain circumstances may
come to exist with respect to the Policies reinsured hereunder that require
adjustment to the timing of Reinsurer remittances. If, in the sole discretion of
the Company, an advance payment or payments of the Reinsurer's obligations under
this Agreement is necessary to avoid irreparable harm to the Company (as, for
example, in the circumstance where the funds available in the premium escrow
account established pursuant to Article 7 of the Managing General Agent
Agreement are insufficient to provide for timely payment of claims), the
Reinsurer shall make such payment or payments promptly upon the Reinsurer's
receipt of the Company's good faith estimate or calculation of the necessity
thereof.

17.4 The Reinsurer's indemnification obligations to the Company under this
Agreement shall occur when the Company incurs or becomes liable for any
indemnifiable damage, liability or expense hereunder and not upon the actual
payment by the Company of such damage, liability or expense.

17.5 This indemnification provision shall not apply with respect to actions,
causes of actions, suits, arbitrations, or proceedings of any kind, liabilities,
losses, claims, damages, costs, or expenses that result from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the Company.

ARTICLE 18 - REGULATORY MATTERS

18.1 It is the parties' understanding that the Texas Department of Insurance
views current premium due over ninety (90) days past due (aged by item and
effective date) from insureds or their designated representative to the Company
as non-admitted assets. In confirmation of the liabilities assumed by the
Reinsurer under this Agreement, the Reinsurer hereby assumes its share of all
liability and responsibility for all premium in the course of collection.

18.2 The Reinsurer shall agree, at no cost to the Company, to take those actions
(including, but not limited to, modifications in how funds are handled and how
accounts are cleared and settled) and agree to those arrangements necessary to
ensure that the Company suffers no adverse impact because of this reinsurance
program and is in compliance with the laws of the State of Texas and regulations
promulgated by any governmental entity thereof, including the Texas



                                       11
<PAGE>

Department of Insurance, insofar as this reinsurance program is concerned,
subject to the provisions of Article 16.

18.3 The Reinsurer and the Company shall not offset obligations arising under
this Agreement with obligations arising under any other agreement except to the
extent permitted under state law and/or regulations.

ARTICLE 19 - LOSS IN EXCESS OF POLICY LIMITS/EXTRA CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

19.1 This Agreement shall protect the Company for one hundred percent (100%) of
any loss in excess of Policy limits (XPL) and/or one hundred percent (100%) of
the extra contractual obligations (ECO) shall be deemed to be a loss under the
Policy involved and shall be subject to this Agreement.

19.2 Notwithstanding anything stated herein, this Agreement shall not apply to
any extra contractual obligation (ECO) incurred by the Company as a result of
any fraudulent and/or criminal act by any officer or director of the Company
acting individually or collectively or in collusion with any individual or
corporation or any other organization or party involved in the presentation,
defense or settlement of any claim covered hereunder.

ARTICLE 20 - SAVINGS CLAUSE

20.1 If any law or regulation of any Federal, State or Local Government of the
United States of America, or the ruling of officials having supervision over
insurance companies, should prohibit or render illegal this Agreement or any
portion thereof, as to risks or properties located in the jurisdiction of such
authority and compliance with such law or regulation cannot be obtained by
amendment or modification to the Agreement that is mutually agreeable between
the parties, then, either the Company or the Reinsurer may, upon written notice
to the other, suspend or abrogate this Agreement insofar as it relates to risks
or properties located within such jurisdiction to such extent as may be
necessary to comply with such law, regulation or ruling. Such illegality shall
in no way affect any other portion thereof, provided, however, that the
Reinsurer or the Company may terminate or suspend this Agreement insofar as it
relates to the Business to which such law or regulation may apply.

20.2 Should any portion of this Agreement be held to be unenforceable by
Arbitration or any court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of such
Agreement shall be construed as if originally written without the unenforceable
portion thereof, giving effect to the extent possible of the original intent of
the parties hereto as expressed in such Agreement as originally written.

ARTICLE 21 - UNAUTHORIZED (NON-ADMITTED) REINSURANCE

21.1 The Reinsurer shall enter into a trust agreement and establish a trust
account for the benefit of the Company in a bank that is a member of the Federal
Reserve System, approved by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
and in accordance with the rules and regulations as set forth by the Texas
Department of Insurance or any other regulatory authority having jurisdiction.
Such amount shall be equal to the Reinsurer's share of the reserves for unearned
premium and outstanding losses and loss expenses, including incurred but not
reported losses. The Company agrees to furnish the Reinsurer with necessary
accounting data to establish such amount.



                                       12
<PAGE>

21.2 The assets deposited in the trust account shall be valued, according to
their current fair market value, and shall consist only of cash, certificates of
deposit, and/or investments of the types permitted by the Texas Insurance Code,
Article 5.75-1 (d), provided that such investments are issued by an institution
that is not the parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of either the guarantor or the
beneficiary.

21.3 The trust agreement shall further require that all settlements of account
between the Company and the Reinsurer be made in cash or its equivalent.

21.4 The Reinsurer and the Company hereby agree that the assets in the trust
account established pursuant to this Agreement may be withdrawn by the Company
at any time, notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement. Such
withdrawals shall be utilized and applied by the Company or its successors in
interest by operation of law, including without limitation any liquidator,
rehabilitator, receiver, or conservator of such Company, without diminution
because of insolvency on the part of the Company or the Reinsurer, only for the
following purposes:

         a.       to reimburse the Company for the Reinsurer's share of premiums
                  returned to the owners of Policies reinsured under this
                  Agreement on account of cancellations of such Policies; or

         b.       to reimburse the Company for the Reinsurer's share of
                  surrenders and benefits or losses paid by the Company pursuant
                  to the provisions of the Policies reinsured under this
                  Agreement; or

         c.       in the event of notice of termination of the trust, to fund an
                  account with the Company in an amount at least equal to the
                  reinsurers share of reserves described in Article 21.1 above;
                  or

         d.       to pay any other amounts due the Company under this Agreement.

21.5 The Trust Account Agreement shall include authority for the Reinsurer to
terminate the Trust Account. upon the transfer of all Reinsurer obligations
under this Agreement to an unaffiliated third party reinsurer with an A.M. Best
rating A- or better; or the Reinsurer obtaining an A.M. Best rating of A- or
better, licensed by the Texas Department of Insurance.

21.6 If the Reinsurer is not licensed to transact insurance or reinsurance in
Texas, the Reinsurer hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the state courts of
Texas, in particular the Dallas County District Court, and agrees to comply with
all requirements necessary to give such courts jurisdiction, has designated
Long, Burner, Parks, & Delargy, 515 Congress Street, Austin Texas as agent upon
whom service of process may be effected and agrees to abide by the final
decision of such courts or appellate courts to which such court's decision is
appealed. This Contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of Texas. The principles of conflicts of law will be
disregarded and only the laws of the State of Texas shall apply.

ARTICLE 22 - PROGRAM REVIEW

22.1 The Reinsurer acknowledges that it has been afforded the opportunity to
review the records of the Managing General Agent including but not limited to
rate levels, rate filings, underwriting guidelines and claims handling. Although
the Company may perform reviews as well,



                                       13
<PAGE>

it is understood that the participation of the Reinsurer on this contract is
based upon its continuing due diligence and not based upon due diligence
performed by the Company.

ARTICLE 23 - MISCELLANEOUS

23.1 This Agreement has been made and entered into in the State of Texas.

23.2 All notices required to be given hereunder shall be deemed to have been
duly given by personally delivering such notice in writing or by mailing it,
Certified Mail, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, or by electronic
communication with proof of receipt by the other party. Any party may change the
address to which notices and other communications hereunder are to be sent to
such party by giving the other party written notice thereof in accordance with
this provision.

23.3 This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto, together with
their respective executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs and
assigns.

23.4 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument.

23.5 This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only by a written
instrument executed by all parties hereto.

23.6 This Agreement is the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes
one and all previous agreements, written or oral, and amendments thereto.

23.7 A waiver by the Company, the Reinsurer or its designated representative of
any breach or default by the other party under this Agreement shall not
constitute a continuing waiver or a waiver by the Company, the Reinsurer or its
designated representative of any subsequent act in breach or of default
hereunder.

23.8 Headings used in this agreement are for reference purposes only and shall
not be deemed a part of this Agreement.

OLD AMERICAN COUNTY MUTUAL               DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

By:    /s/ Thomas A. McCall              By:    /s/ Barry D. Elkins

Name:    Thomas A. McCall                Name:     Barry D. Elkins

Title:      President                    Title:       SVP & CFO

Date:    December 31, 2002               Date:     December 31, 2002





                                       14
<PAGE>



                              SCHEDULE OF BUSINESS

The Company, the Reinsurer and the Managing General Agent agree that the
Managing General Agent has the authority to accept, on forms approved by the
Company, any Policy, endorsement, binder, certificate, or proposal for
insurance. The Managing General Agent's authority is limited by this Schedule of
Business.

     Overall:
              Projected premium volume                $40,000,000
              Territory                               Texas only
              Maximum policy term                     Twelve months

While business will be predominately minimum limits, the lines of business and
the maximum limits of liability are as follows

                        COVERAGE                            MAXIMUM LIMITS

              Bodily Injury Liability                   $100,002 each person
                                                        $300,002 each accident
              Property Damage Liability                 $ 50,002 each accident

              Uninsured/Underinsured Motorists
                     Bodily Injury                      $ 20,002 each person
                                                        $ 40,002 each accident
                     Property Damage                    $ 15,002 each accident

              Personal Injury Protection                $  2,502 each person

              Medical payments                          $    502 each person

              Physical Damage                           $ 35,000 each automobile

This Agreement does not apply to and specifically excludes the following:

         a. Any business not produced by DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY, INC,
         or

         b. Any business not classified as private passenger automobile
         liability or physical damage, or

         c. Exclusions specified within the Quota Share Reinsurance Agreement
         Number DIRECT-03-001.

THE COMPANY:                             THE REINSURER:

OLD AMERICAN COUNTY MUTUAL               DIRECT GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

By:    /s/ Thomas A. McCall              By:    /s/ Barry D. Elkins

Name:    Thomas A. McCall                Name:     Barry D. Elkins

Title:      President                    Title:       SVP & CFO

Date:    December 31, 2002               Date:     December 31, 2002



                                       15

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
