<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.42
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>a2081437zex-10_42.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.42
<TEXT>
<Page>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.42


                              REINSURANCE AGREEMENT



                                     BETWEEN



                            SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                       SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY



                                       AND



                            THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER
                        INSPECTION AND INSURANCE COMPANY



                                REF. NO. 2000-004
                               TREATY NO. 1000356

















                           Effective February 1, 2000


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


                              REINSURANCE AGREEMENT

                      (hereinafter called the "Agreement")

                                     between

                            SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                       SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY

                       (hereinafter called the "Company")

                                       and

           THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER INSPECTION AND INSURANCE COMPANY

                      (hereinafter called the "Reinsurer")



                          EQUIPMENT BREAKDOWN COVERAGE

ARTICLE 1 - BUSINESS COVERED

By this Agreement, the Company obligates itself to cede to the Reinsurer and the
Reinsurer obligates itself to accept as reinsurance 100% of the Equipment
Breakdown liability of the Company on each risk insured under Equipment
Breakdown Coverage Endorsement, Form No. SBM 001 11/99, attached to the
Company's Businessowners policy, effective as respects Accidents occurring
during the term of this Agreement under new and renewal policies becoming
effective on or after the effective date of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 2 - LIMIT OF LIABILITY

The Reinsurer's liability shall not exceed $25,000,000 for any one Accident.

ARTICLE 3 - TERRITORY

This Agreement shall only apply to policies covering property located within the
territorial limits of the United States of America, including its territories
and possessions, and Puerto Rico.

ARTICLE 4 - FORMS, RATES AND RULES

Reinsurance will be provided only in accordance with forms, rates and rules
mutually acceptable to the Company and the Reinsurer.

ARTICLE 5 - DEFINITIONS

A.       The term "Equipment Breakdown" as used herein means coverage provided
         under the Company's Businessowners policies by the addition of the
         Equipment Breakdown


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


         Coverage Endorsement, Form No. SBM 001 11/99, except as otherwise
         excluded under ARTICLE 6, EXCLUSIONS.

B.       For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "Accident" shall follow
         the definition set forth under the Equipment Breakdown Coverage
         Endorsement, Form No. SBM 001 11/99.

C.       The term "policies" as used herein means the Company's binders and
         policies providing insurance on the risks reinsured under this
         Agreement.

ARTICLE 6 - EXCLUSIONS

This Agreement does not apply to and specifically excludes:

A.       Risks not eligible for the Company's Businessowners program.

B.       Loss or damage caused by or resulting from any of the following causes
         of loss:

         (1)      Fire (including fire resulting from an Accident); or water or
                  other means used to extinguish a fire.

         (2)      Explosion of gas or unconsumed fuel within the furnace of any
                  boiler or fired vessel or within the passages from that
                  furnace to the atmosphere.

         (3)      Collision or upset.

         (4)      Flood, surface water, waves, tides, tidal waves, overflow of
                  any body of water, or their spray, all whether driven by wind
                  or not, except for the cost of drying out electrical
                  equipment.

         (5)      Any earth movement, including but not limited to earthquake,
                  subsidence, sinkhole collapse, landslide, mudslide, earth
                  sinking, tsunami or volcanic action.

C.       Loss or damage caused by or resulting from any of the following causes
         of loss, only to the extent that coverage for loss or damage from that
         cause of loss is provided by the property policy if Equipment Breakdown
         coverage had not been added:

         (1)      Lightning; explosion (except for steam or centrifugal
                  explosion); windstorm or hail; smoke; aircraft or vehicles;
                  riot or civil commotion; vandalism; or sprinkler leakage.

         (2)      Breakage of glass; falling objects; weight of snow, ice or
                  sleet; freezing (caused by cold weather); collapse; or molten
                  material.

         (3)      Water damage (including water damage resulting from an
                  Accident).

D.       Loss or Damage to property in transit.


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


E.       War risk, bombardment, invasion, insurrection, rebellion, revolution,
         civil war, military or usurped power, or confiscation by order of any
         government or public authority, as excluded under the Company's
         Businessowners policies.

F.       The Company's liability as a member, subscriber or reinsurer of any
         pool, syndicate, association or other combination of insurers or
         reinsurers formed for the purpose of covering specific perils, specific
         classes of business or for the purpose of insuring risks located in
         specific geographical areas.

G.       All liability of the Company arising by contract, operation of law, or
         otherwise, from its participation or membership, whether voluntary or
         involuntary, in any insolvency fund. "Insolvency fund" includes any
         guaranty fund, insolvency fluid, plan, pool, association, fund or other
         arrangement, howsoever denominated, established or governed, which
         provides for any assessment of or payment or assumption by the Company
         of part or all of any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation of
         an insurer, or its successors or assigns, which has been declared by
         any competent authority to be insolvent, or which is otherwise deemed
         unable to meet any claim, debt, charge, fee, or other obligation in
         whole or in part.

H.       Nuclear risk:

         (1)      This reinsurance does not cover any loss or liability accruing
                  to the Company as a member of, or subscriber to, any
                  association of insurers or reinsurers formed for the purpose
                  of covering nuclear energy risks or as a direct or indirect
                  reinsurer of any such member, subscriber or association.

         (2)      Without in any way restricting the operation of Paragraph (1)
                  above, it is understood and agreed that this reinsurance does
                  not cover loss caused by or resulting from nuclear reaction or
                  radiation, or radioactive contamination, however caused, even
                  though any other cause or event contributes concurrently or in
                  any sequence to the loss. However, it is agreed that loss
                  arising out of the use of radioactive isotopes in any form is
                  not hereby excluded from any reinsurance protection.

ARTICLE 7 - OTHER PROVISIONS

The Reinsurer shall have the right to inspect each risk reinsured hereunder, and
shall perform jurisdictional inspections required by state or municipal boiler
and pressure vessel regulations on said risks. If any inspection discloses an
insured object which is found to be in, or exposed to, a dangerous condition,
the inspector may suspend coverage on such insured object in accordance with the
provisions of the policy.

ARTICLE 8 - TERM AND TERMINATION

This Agreement shall become effective on February 1, 2000 and shall continue in
force until terminated. This Agreement may be terminated by either party giving
the other six months prior


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


notice in writing; provided that the Reinsurer shall continue to be bound
hereunder for the balance of the term of all policies of insurance written by
the Company which remain in force on the termination date of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 9 - CLAIMS

A.       The Company will give the Reinsurer notice as soon as practicable of
         any claim or loss arising under coverages subject to this Agreement.
         The Reinsurer shall advise the Company of its estimate of each such
         claim or loss, and keep the Company advised of any change in such
         estimate.

B.       The Reinsurer at its expense will investigate, negotiate and enter into
         settlement agreements or defend all such claims and losses in
         accordance with the terms of the coverage subject to this Agreement,
         and shall defend and hold harmless the Company against any suit brought
         solely under coverages subject to this Agreement; provided that the
         Company may at its own expense participate in any such investigation,
         negotiation, settlement or defense.

C.       In the event of a settlement by the Reinsurer of a claim or loss
         arising under coverages subject to this Agreement, the Company will,
         pursuant to said settlement, make payment directly to the Insured,
         under the coverages subject to this Agreement. Upon making such
         payment, and when requested by the Reinsurer, the Company will secure
         its subrogation rights under the terms of the coverage subject to this
         Agreement and will then assign such subrogation rights to the
         Reinsurer.

D.       In the event of a claim or loss involving coverages subject to this
         Agreement and coverages not subject to this Agreement:

         (1)      The Company shall join the Reinsurer in the investigation,
                  adjustment, negotiation, settlement or defense of all such
                  claims and losses.

         (2)      Court costs, interest on judgments, and the cost of defense,
                  including attorneys' fees, which arise in connection with any
                  investigation, adjustment, negotiation, settlement or defense
                  of such claims or losses, shall be apportioned between the
                  Company and the Reinsurer in proportion to their respective
                  liabilities as finally determined or as mutually agreed upon.

         (3)      The Company and the Reinsurer agree that Equipment Breakdown
                  coverage will not be considered "primary" or "specific" and
                  that the "Guiding Principles" in use at such time shall apply
                  to all such claims or losses to the extent to which such
                  "Guiding Principles" are applicable. This Paragraph shall not
                  apply and the Reinsurer agrees to be primary on Perishable
                  Goods and Computer Equipment Coverage resulting from an
                  Accident as covered under the Equipment Breakdown Endorsement
                  in the Company's policy.


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


ARTICLE 10 - INDEMNIFICATION AND DEFENSE

Each party hereto agrees to indemnify and defend the other party hereto against
any and all claims for loss, liability or damage arising out of or in connection
with the acts or omissions of employees and servants of such indemnifying party,
when such acts or omissions result from or are incidental to activities and
services conducted solely in connection with policies issued by the Company and
reinsured, in whole or in part, by the Reinsurer. This undertaking shall apply
irrespective of any limit of liability stated in this Agreement.

ARTICLE 11 - REINSURANCE PREMIUM

A.       For the period from February 1, 2000 through January 31, 2001, the
         Company shall pay to the Reinsurer 4.05% of the Company's Net Premiums
         Written. The term "Net Premiums Written" as used herein means the
         Businessowners gross package premiums, plus additional premiums less
         cancellations and return premiums.

B.       The rate for each subsequent twelve-month period shall be mutually
         agreed upon.

ARTICLE 12 - REPORTS AND REMITTANCES

A.       Within 30 days after the close of each month, the Company shall report
         to the Reinsurer the Net Premiums Written during that month and the
         Reinsurance premium as calculated in accordance with ARTICLE 11.
         Payment will be immediately due and payable by the debtor party.

B.       Within 30 days after the close of each month, the Reinsurer shall
         report to the Company all losses authorized during that month by the
         Reinsurer pursuant to ARTICLE 9, CLAIMS. All such losses are to be
         individually listed and identified. The balance shall become
         immediately due and payable thereafter by the Reinsurer.
C.       The Company shall periodically furnish the Reinsurer such reports and
         information relating to the policies reinsured hereunder, as may be
         reasonably required for inspection, loss control and loss adjustment
         activities.

D.       Within 30 days after the close of each calendar quarter, the Company
         shall report to the Reinsurer the ceded unearned premiums and ceded
         outstanding loss reserves as of the end of the calendar quarter.

E.       Each party shall furnish the other such figures as may be required for
         financial statement purposes.

ARTICLE 13 - ARBITRATION

A.       In the event a disagreement arises over a loss which the Company and
         the Reinsurer agree is covered by a policy issued by the Company and
         reinsured by the Reinsurer with respect to coverages subject to this
         Agreement, and further agree with the Insured in writing as to the
         amount of loss payable under the policy, but disagree as to what


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


         proportion of such insured loss each shall pay, such loss shall be
         settled by payment of the full amount thereof to the Insured, the
         Company and the Reinsurer each to contribute the sum for which it
         admits liability plus an amount equal to one-half (1/2) of the amount
         of loss which is in disagreement. A final determination of the
         apportionment of the loss shall then be made in accordance with the
         arbitration provisions of this Article.

B.       All disputes or differences arising out of the interpretation of this
         Agreement shall be submitted to the decision of a board of arbitration
         of the American Arbitration Association consisting of two arbitrators,
         one to be chosen by each party and in the event of the arbitrators
         failing to agree, to the decision of any umpire to be chosen by the
         arbitrators. The arbitrators and umpire shall be disinterested active
         or retired officers of property or casualty insurance or reinsurance
         companies. If either of the parties fails to appoint an arbitrator
         within sixty days after being required by the other party in writing to
         do so, or if the arbitrators fail to appoint an umpire, within sixty
         days of a request in writing by either of them to do so, such
         arbitrator or umpire, as the case may be, shall at the request of
         either party be appointed by any court of competent jurisdiction.

C.       The applicant shall submit its case within sixty days after the
         appointment of the board of arbitration, and the respondent shall
         submit its reply within sixty days after receipt of the claim. The
         arbitrators and umpire are relieved from all judicial formality and may
         abstain from following the strict rules of evidence. They shall settle
         any dispute under this Agreement according to an equitable rather than
         a strictly legal interpretation of its terms and their decision shall
         be final and not subject to appeal. Judgment may be entered upon the
         final decision of the arbitrators in any court having jurisdiction.

D.       Each party shall bear the expenses of its arbitrator and shall jointly
         and equally share with the other the expense of the umpire and of the
         arbitration.

E.       This Article shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE 14 - INSOLVENCY

A.       In the event of the insolvency of the Company, reinsurance due under
         this Agreement shall be payable, with reasonable provision for
         verification, on the basis of liability of the Company under policies
         reinsured without diminution because of the inability of the Company to
         pay all or part of any such claims. Such payments by the Reinsurer
         shall be made directly to the Company or its liquidator, receiver, or
         statutory successor, except as provided by Section 4118(a) of the New
         York Insurance Law or except where the Agreement specifically provides
         another payee of such reinsurance in the event of the insolvency of the
         Company, and where the Reinsurer with the consent of the direct insured
         or insureds has assumed such policy obligations of the Company as
         direct obligations of the Reinsurer to the payees under such policies
         arid in substitution for the obligations of the Company to such payees.

B.       It is agreed, however, that the liquidator, receiver or statutory
         successor of the insolvent Company shall give written notice to the
         Reinsurer of the pendency of a claim against the


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


         insolvent Company on the policy or policies reinsured within a
         reasonable time after such claim is filed in the insolvency proceeding
         and that during the pendency of such claim the Reinsurer may
         investigate such claim and interpose, at its own expense, in the
         proceeding where such claim is to be adjudicated, any defense or
         defenses which it may deem available to the Company or its liquidator
         or receiver or statutory successor. The expense thus incurred by the
         Reinsurer shall be chargeable, subject to court approval, against the
         insolvent Company as part of the expense of liquidation to the extent
         of a proportionate share of the benefit which may accrue to the Company
         solely as a result of the defense undertaken by the Reinsurer. Where
         two or more Reinsurers are involved in the same claim and a majority in
         interest elect to interpose defense to such claim the expense shall be
         apportioned in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as though
         such expense had been incurred by the insolvent Company.

ARTICLE 15 - ACCESS TO RECORDS

The Reinsurer or its designated representatives shall have access at any and all
reasonable times during the term of this Agreement (or after its termination for
open items) to such books and records of the Company, wherever located, as shall
reflect premium and loss transactions of the Company for the purpose of
obtaining any and all information concerning this Agreement or the subject
matter hereof.

ARTICLE 16 - ERRORS AND OMISSIONS

Inadvertent delays, errors or omissions made in connection with this Agreement
or any transaction hereunder shall not relieve either party from any liability
which would have attached had such delay, error or omission not occurred,
provided always that such error or omission is rectified as soon as possible
after discovery.


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                               REF. NO. 2000-004
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed, in duplicate, in Boston, Massachusetts, this 27th day of December,
1999.

                        SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                        SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY


                        By: /s/ Edward N. Patrick, Jr.
                           -----------------------------------------------------


                        Attest: /s/ Robert Ireland
                               -------------------------------------------------


And in Hartford, Connecticut, this 20th day of December, 1999.

                        THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER INSPECTION AND
                        INSURANCE COMPANY


                        By: /s/ Marilyn J. Shulz
                           -----------------------------------------------------
                           Marilyn J. Schulz, Assistant Vice President


                        Attest: /s/ Jill R. Howes Chomowicz
                               -------------------------------------------------
                               Jill R. Howes Chomowicz, Assistant Vice President


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-01
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356


                                 ADDENDUM NO. 1
                        ATTACHED TO AND FORMING A PART OF
                            THE REINSURANCE AGREEMENT

                    (hereinafter referred to as "Agreement")

                                     between

                            SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                       SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY

                   (hereinafter referred to as the "Company")

                                       and

           THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER INSPECTION AND INSURANCE COMPANY

                  (hereinafter referred to as the "Reinsurer")



IT IS UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED that, effective February 1, 2001, the following
amendment is made to the Agreement to which this Addendum attaches:

         1.       ARTICLE 11, REINSURANCE PREMIUM, is hereby amended to read as
                  follows:

                  "A.      For policies attaching during the period from
                           February 1, 2001 through January 31, 2002, the
                           Company shall pay to the Reinsurer 4.05% of the
                           Company's Net Premiums Written. The term 'Net
                           Premiums Written' as used herein means the
                           Businessowners gross package premiums, plus
                           additional premiums less cancellations and return
                           premiums.

                  B.       The rate set forth in Paragraph A shall be subject to
                           annual review, and shall be automatically renewed for
                           each subsequent twelve month period unless amended by
                           mutual agreement."

All other terms and conditions of this Agreement remain unchanged and apply with
full force and effect.


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-01
                                                              TREATY NO. 1000356



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be executed,
in duplicate, in Boston, Massachusetts, this 10th day of July, 2001.

                        SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                        SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY


                        By: /s/ Edward N. Patrick, Jr.
                           -----------------------------------------------------


                        Attest: /s/ Robert Ireland
                               -------------------------------------------------


And in Hartford, Connecticut, this 12th day of June, 2001.

                        THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER INSPECTION AND
                        INSURANCE COMPANY


                        By: /s/ Marilyn J. Shulz
                           -----------------------------------------------------
                           Marilyn J. Schulz, Assistant Vice President


                        Attest: /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]
                               -------------------------------------------------


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-02


                                 ADDENDUM NO. 2
                        ATTACHED TO AND FORMING A PART OF
                            ThE REINSURANCE AGREEMENT

                    (hereinafter referred to as "Agreement")

                                     between

                            SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                       SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY

                   (hereinafter referred to as the "Company")

                                       and

           THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER INSPECTION AND INSURANCE COMPANY

                  (hereinafter referred to as the "Reinsurer")



IT IS UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED that, effective June 1, 2001, the following
amendments are made to the Agreement to which this Addendum attaches.

         1.       Business Covered under this Agreement is extended to include
                  the Equipment Breakdown liability of the Company under its
                  Businessowners policies to which the Equipment Breakdown
                  Endorsement, Form No. SBM 001 06 01, or subsequent editions
                  thereof, is attached, and tender its Commercial Package
                  policies to which the Equipment Breakdown Endorsement, Form
                  No. SEB 012 0601, or subsequent editions thereof, is attached.

         2.       Wherever referenced in this Agreement, Treaty No. 1000356
                  shall apply only with respect to Businessowners policies.
                  Treaty No. 1000494 is hereby added and shall apply with
                  respect to Commercial Package policies.

         3.       ARTICLE 5, DEFINITIONS are hereby amended to read as follows:


                  "A.      The term 'Equipment Breakdown' as used herein means
                           coverage provided under the Company's Businessowners
                           policies by the addition of the Equipment Breakdown
                           Coverage Endorsement, Form No. SBM 001 11/99 or SBM
                           001 06 01, or subsequent editions thereof, or under
                           the Company's Commercial Package policies by the
                           addition of the Equipment Breakdown Coverage
                           Endorsement, Form No. SEB 012 06 01, or subsequent
                           editions thereof, whichever is applicable, except as
                           otherwise excluded under ARTICLE 6, EXCLUSIONS.

                  B.       For the purposes of this Agreement, the term
                           'Accident' shall follow the definition set forth
                           under the Equipment Breakdown Coverage


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-02


                           Endorsement, Form No. SBM 001 11/99, SBM 001 06 01,
                           or SEB 012 06 01, or subsequent editions thereof,
                           whichever is applicable, except as otherwise excluded
                           under ARTICLE 6, EXCLUSIONS.

                  C.       The term 'policies' as used herein means the
                           Company's binders and policies providing insurance on
                           the risks reinsured under this Agreement.

                  D.       The term 'Referral Risks' as used herein means any
                           risk which requires referral to the Reinsurer as set
                           forth in Exhibit A - Referral Guidelines."

         4.       Paragraph A of ARTICLE 6, EXCLUSIONS, is hereby deleted.

         5.       ARTICLE 7, OTHER PROVISIONS, is hereby amended to read as
                  follows:

                  "A.      The Reinsurer shall have the right to inspect each
                           risk reinsured hereunder, and shall perform
                           jurisdictional inspections required by state or
                           municipal boiler and pressure vessel regulations on
                           said risks. If any inspection discloses an insured
                           object which is found to be in, or exposed to, a
                           dangerous condition, the inspector may suspend
                           coverage on such insured object in accordance with
                           the provisions of the policy.

                  B.       Referral Risks shall be submitted to the Reinsurer
                           and the Reinsurer shall issue a reinsurance quotation
                           to the Company defining specifically the terms and
                           conditions for Equipment Breakdown coverage and the
                           reinsurance premium for each such risk. To the extent
                           that said reinsurance quotation modifies any terms,
                           conditions or exclusions in this Agreement, the
                           terms, conditions or exclusions set forth in the
                           reinsurance quotation shall apply to such risk."

         6.       Paragraph D(3) of ARTICLE 9, CLAIMS, is hereby amended to read
                  as follows:

                  "(3)     The Company and the Reinsurer agree that Equipment
                           Breakdown coverage will not be considered 'primary'
                           or 'specific' and that the 'Guiding Principles' in
                           use at such time shall apply to all such claims or
                           losses to the extent to which such 'Guiding
                           Principles' are applicable. This Paragraph shall not
                           apply and the Reinsurer agrees to be primary on
                           Spoilage, Computer Equipment Coverage and Data
                           Restoration resulting from an Accident as covered
                           under the Equipment Breakdown Endorsement in the
                           Company's policy."

         7.       ARTICLE 11, REINSURANCE PREMIUM, is hereby amended as follows:


                  "A.      For Businessowners policies attaching during the
                           period from February 1, 2001 through January 31,
                           2002, the Company shall pay to the Reinsurer 4.05% of
                           the Company's Net Premiums Written. The term 'Net
                           Premiums Written' as used herein means the
                           Businessowners gross package premiums, plus
                           additional premiums less cancellations and return
                           premiums.


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-02


                  B.       For Commercial Package policies attaching during the
                           period from June 1, 2001 through May 31, 2002, the
                           Company shall pay to the Reinsurer 6.94% of the
                           Company's Net Premiums Written. The term 'Net
                           Premiums Written' as used herein means the Commercial
                           Package gross property policy premiums, plus
                           additional premiums less cancellations and return
                           premiums.

                           Said rate shall be subject to an additional surcharge
                           for increased sublimits in accordance with the
                           following table:

<Table>
<Caption>

                          COMPUTER AND     HAZARDOUS      EXPEDITING
    SUBLIMIT  SPOILAGE  DATA RESTORATION   SUBSTANCES       EXPENSES       CFC'S
    --------  --------  ----------------   ----------     ----------       -----
<S>           <C>       <C>                <C>            <C>              <C>
    $50,000      2%          1.5%            2.5%             1%           2.5%
    $10,000      4%           2%             4.5%             2%           3.5%

</Table>

                  C.       The rates set forth in Paragraphs A and B shall be
                           subject to annual review, and shall be automatically
                           renewed for each subsequent twelve month period
                           unless amended by mutual agreement.

                  D.       For policies covering Referral Risks, the Company
                           shall pay to the Reinsurer 100% of the reinsurance
                           premium as set forth in the reinsurance quotation by
                           the Reinsurer accepted by the Company.

                  E.       In the event Special Acceptances are covered
                           hereunder as set forth in ARTICLE 21, SPECIAL
                           ACCEPTANCES, the Company shall pay to the Reinsurer
                           the reinsurance premium agreed upon for said Special
                           Acceptances."

         8.       Paragraph A of ARTICLE 12, REPORTS AND REMITTANCES, is hereby
                  amended to read as follows:

                  "A.      Within 30 days after the close of each month, the
                           Company shall report to the Reinsurer the Net
                           Premiums Written during that month and the
                           Reinsurance Premium written during that month as
                           calculated in accordance with ARTICLE 11. The report
                           will be accompanied by a bill or credit memorandum
                           showing gross balance due less ceding commissions.
                           The balance of this bill or credit memorandum shall
                           be immediately due and payable thereafter by the
                           debtor Party."

         9.       The following Articles are hereby added to the Agreement:

                  "ARTICLE 20 - CEDING COMMISSION


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-02

                  A.       As respects the reinsurance premium for
                           Businessowners or Commercial Package policies other
                           than Referral Risks, no ceding commission shall be
                           allowed.

                  B.       As respects the reinsurance premium for Referral
                           Risks, the Reinsurer shall allow the Company a ceding
                           commission of 30% of each policy's gross Equipment
                           Breakdown premium ceded under this Agreement, unless
                           otherwise agreed upon by both parties for specific
                           policy forms or particular accounts.

                  ARTICLE 21 - SPECIAL ACCEPTANCES

                  Business which is not within the scope of this Agreement may
                  be submitted to the Reinsurer for special acceptance hereunder
                  and such business, if accepted by the Reinsurer, shall be
                  subject to all terms, conditions and limitations of this
                  Agreement except as modified by the special acceptance."

All other terms and conditions of the Reinsurance Agreement to which this
Addendum is attached are unchanged and apply with full force and effect to the
business covered by this Addendum.


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-02



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be executed,
in duplicate, in Boston, Massachusetts, this 10th day of July, 2001.

                        SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                        SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY


                        By: /s/ Edward N. Patrick, Jr.
                           -----------------------------------------------------


                        Attest: /s/ Robert Ireland
                               -------------------------------------------------


And in Hartford, Connecticut, this 12th day of June, 2001.

                        THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER INSPECTION AND
                        INSURANCE COMPANY


                        By: /s/ Marilyn J. Shulz
                           -----------------------------------------------------
                           Marilyn J. Schulz, Assistant Vice President


                        Attest: /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]
                               -------------------------------------------------


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-02


                         EXHIBIT A - REFERRAL GUIDELINES
                        ATTACHED TO AND FORMING A PART OF
                            THE REINSURANCE AGREEMENT

                                     between

                            SAFETY INSURANCE COMPANY
                       SAFETY INDEMNITY INSURANCE COMPANY

                                       and

                            THE HARTFORD STEAM BOILER
                        INSPECTION AND INSURANCE COMPANY


Risks that meet any one of the following criteria must be referred to the
Reinsurer for a reinsurance quotation.

         -        Any risk that has a location with a Total Insured Value
                  (Building, Business Personal Property and Business Income)
                  greater than: Owner: $20,000,000 or Tenant: $10,000,000.

         -        Any risk that has a location in a Printing occupancy with a
                  Total Insured Value greater than $5,000,000.

         -        Any risk, regardless of occupancy or value, with any sublimit
                  for Equipment Breakdown that exceeds the following amounts.

                  -        $25,000 as respects the following coverages for
                           Businessowners:
                           Expediting Expenses
                           Hazardous Substances
                           Spoilage
                           Computer Equipment
                           CFC Refrigerants

                  -        $100,000 as respects the following coverages for
                           Commercial Package:
                           Expediting Expenses
                           Hazardous Substances
                           Spoilage
                           Computer Equipment
                           CFC Refrigerants

         -        Any risk, regardless of occupancy or value, which is engaged
                  in the generation of power, other than emergency back-up
                  power.


Ex10.42

<Page>

                                                            REF. NO. 2000-004-02

         -        Any risk that has a location in an occupancy group specified
                  in the Reinsurance Proposal as risks that must be referred to
                  the Reinsurer for underwriting, including but not limited to
                  the occupancies listed below.

                  -        Cement Manufacturing

                  -        Electronics Manufacturing

                  -        Heavy Manufacturing

                  -        Lumber & Wood Products Manufacturing

                  -        Primary Metals Manufacturing

                  -        Plastics Manufacturing

                  -        Pulp & Paper Manufacturing

                  -        Rubber Manufacturing

                  -        Chemicals/Oil/Gas Manufacturing, Extraction

                  -        Mining


Ex10.42

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
